fix: replace deprecated -p with -ps/-pn/-pa/-pt in CLI tests (closes #315) (#316)
ewoks-kit/ewoks: doc/howtoguides/inspect_workflows.rst

Validating Execution Arguments
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To override workflow parameters for execution, use the `-p` option (or `-pt` to target a specific task identifier):

Reviewer: The deprecated `-p` is still mentioned. I would suggest this:

```suggestion
Workflow parameters can be overridden at execution time using one of the following options:

* ``-pt TASK_ID:NAME=VALUE`` — apply to all nodes with the specified task identifier
* ``-pn NODE_ID:NAME=VALUE`` — apply to the node with the specified node id
* ``-pl LABEL:NAME=VALUE`` — apply to all nodes with the specified label
* ``-ps NAME=VALUE`` — apply to all start nodes
* ``-pa NAME=VALUE`` — apply to all nodes

For example, to target a specific task identifier:
```
